feat: Basic AI Gateway docs in introduction (#4485)
Helicone/helicone: docs/getting-started/quick-start.mdx

  </Step>

>   <Step title="Integrate with AI Gateway (Recommended)">

Reviewer: Let's remove the word `(Recommended)`
```suggestion
  <Step title="Integrate with AI Gateway">
```

>     The fastest way to get started is with Helicone's AI Gateway - our unified OpenAI-compatible API that works with models from OpenAI, Anthropic, Vertex, Groq, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Helicone's AI Gateway is an OpenAI-compatible, unified API with access to 100+ models, including OpenAI, Anthropic, Vertex, Groq, and more.
```

    **Bring your own key:** Go to [Provider Keys](https://us.helicone.ai/providers) to securely store API keys for the providers you want to use.

    <Tabs>
      <Tab title="TypeScript">
        ```typescript
        import { OpenAI } from "openai";

        const openai = new OpenAI({
          baseURL: "https://ai-gateway.helicone.ai/v1",
          apiKey: process.env.HELICONE_API_KEY,
        });

        const response = await openai.chat.completions.create({
          model: "gpt-4o-mini/openai", // model-name/provider
          messages: [{ role: "user", content: "Hello, world!" }],
        });
        ```
      </Tab>
      
      <Tab title="Python">
        ```python
        from openai import OpenAI

        client = OpenAI(
            base_url="https://ai-gateway.helicone.ai/v1",
            api_key=os.getenv("HELICONE_API_KEY")
        )

        response = client.chat.completions.create(

>             model="claude-3-5-sonnet/anthropic",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            model="claude-3-5-sonnet/anthropic", // Or any of the 100+ models we support
```

            messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello, world!"}]
        )
        ```
      </Tab>

      <Tab title="cURL">
        ```bash
        curl https://ai-gateway.helicone.ai/v1/chat/completions \
          -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
          -H "Authorization: Bearer $HELICONE_API_KEY" \
          -d '{
            "model": "gpt-4o-mini/openai",
            "messages": [
              { "role": "user", "content": "Hello, world!" }
            ]
          }'
        ```
      </Tab>
    </Tabs>

    <Note>

>       **Why AI Gateway?** Get immediate, OpenAI-compatible access to models from any major provider, alongside features like rate limiting, caching, prompt versioning, and complete observability - all with zero code changes beyond the base URL and API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **Why AI Gateway?** Get immediate, OpenAI-compatible access to models from any major providers, alongside features like rate limiting, caching, prompt versioning, and complete observability - all with zero code changes beyond the base URL and setting up your API keys.
```
